com/example/databases/MyDBHandler.java
 com.example.databases.MyDBHandler
com/example/termproject/User.java
 com.example.termproject.User
com/example/termproject/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.termproject.BuildConfig
com/example/termproject/InstructorLoginActivity.java
 com.example.termproject.InstructorLoginActivity
 com.example.termproject.InstructorLoginActivity$1
 com.example.termproject.InstructorLoginActivity$2
com/example/termproject/MainActivity.java
 com.example.termproject.MainActivity
com/example/termproject/databinding/ActivityInstructorSelectBinding.java
 com.example.termproject.databinding.ActivityInstructorSelectBinding
com/example/termproject/MemberLoginActivity.java
 com.example.termproject.MemberLoginActivity
 com.example.termproject.MemberLoginActivity$1
com/example/termproject/databinding/ActivityInstructorSearchCoursesBinding.java
 com.example.termproject.databinding.ActivityInstructorSearchCoursesBinding
com/example/termproject/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.termproject.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/termproject/AdminLoginActivity.java
 com.example.termproject.AdminLoginActivity
 com.example.termproject.AdminLoginActivity$1
com/example/termproject/databinding/ActivityInstructorPersonalCoursesBinding.java
 com.example.termproject.databinding.ActivityInstructorPersonalCoursesBinding
com/example/termproject/databinding/ActivityDatabaseBinding.java
 com.example.termproject.databinding.ActivityDatabaseBinding
com/example/termproject/AdminSelectActivity.java
 com.example.termproject.AdminSelectActivity
 com.example.termproject.AdminSelectActivity$1
 com.example.termproject.AdminSelectActivity$2
 com.example.termproject.AdminSelectActivity$3
com/example/termproject/InstructorSearchCourses.java
 com.example.termproject.InstructorSearchCourses
com/example/termproject/databinding/ActivityAdminLoginBinding.java
 com.example.termproject.databinding.ActivityAdminLoginBinding
com/example/termproject/DatabaseActivity.java
 com.example.termproject.DatabaseActivity
 com.example.termproject.DatabaseActivity$1
com/example/termproject/databinding/ActivityCourseDbactivityBinding.java
 com.example.termproject.databinding.ActivityCourseDbactivityBinding
com/example/termproject/databinding/ActivityInstructorLoginBinding.java
 com.example.termproject.databinding.ActivityInstructorLoginBinding
com/example/termproject/databinding/ActivityMemberLoginBinding.java
 com.example.termproject.databinding.ActivityMemberLoginBinding
com/example/termproject/databinding/ActivityAdminSelectBinding.java
 com.example.termproject.databinding.ActivityAdminSelectBinding
com/example/termproject/ClassClass.java
 com.example.termproject.ClassClass
com/example/termproject/CourseDetailsDBHandler.java
 com.example.termproject.CourseDetailsDBHandler
com/example/termproject/InstructorSelectActivity.java
 com.example.termproject.InstructorSelectActivity
 com.example.termproject.InstructorSelectActivity$1
 com.example.termproject.InstructorSelectActivity$2
 com.example.termproject.InstructorSelectActivity$3
com/example/termproject/CourseDBHandler.java
 com.example.termproject.CourseDBHandler
com/example/termproject/CourseDBActivity.java
 com.example.termproject.CourseDBActivity
 com.example.termproject.CourseDBActivity$1
 com.example.termproject.CourseDBActivity$2
com/example/termproject/InstructorPersonalCoursesActivity.java
 com.example.termproject.InstructorPersonalCoursesActivity
 com.example.termproject.InstructorPersonalCoursesActivity$1
 com.example.termproject.InstructorPersonalCoursesActivity$2
